live but for now let's move on to the
Middle East where the head of Israeli
military intelligence ahan haliva has
resigned he's the first senior Israeli
official to step down over the Hamas
assault in October Mr haliva had
accepted responsibility for security
failings which allowed the attacks to
take place 1,200 people were killed
hundreds more were taken hostage by
Hamas and Allied groups in other
developments prime minister Netanyahu is
vowing to reject any sanctions on the
country's military after reports that
the US plans to cut Aid to one unit
there is ongoing violence in the
occupied West Bank and the US says it
will respond to any human rights
violations against
Palestinians this is Gaza where 15
children are among the dead after an
Israeli air strike on the southern city
of Rafa where more than a million
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering
Health officials in Gaza say more than
34,000 people have died since the start
of the war in October emergency workers
in hanun say they have uncovered more
than 200 bodies buried in the courtyard
of a hospital al- NASA had been at the
center of an Israeli military operation
until 2 weeks ago the World Health
Organization has previously said bodies
were being buried within hospitals under
Israeli Siege Palestinians accuse
Israeli forces of killing some of the
victims Israel says Hamas uses medical
facilities in Gaza as command centers
here's our Middle East correspondent
Yan Major General Aon khiva is the most
senior Israeli official that we've had
so far to step down from his role in
connection with the failings that led to
the October the 7th attacks by Hamas
that really shocked Israel and shocked
the rest of the world and he did come
out in the week after those attacks and
say that he publicly accepted
responsibility his share of the blame
but it's taken until now with 6 months
of a war raging on in Gaza for him to
hand his resignation letter in and he is
said uh the Intelligence Division under
my command did not live up to the task
we were entrusted with I carry that
black day with me ever since and uh
really the major General's announcement
sets the stage for for possibly more
resignations from uh top security
officials uh in the country will put
pressure on some in the political
echelons as well um where responsibility
hasn't really been taken for other
failings that may have contributed uh to
the 7th of October attacks all of this
comes as fighting continues in Gaza the
focus over the past couple of days has
been uh very much on what's been
happening in Khan Yunis in the South um
after Israeli Ground Forces pulled out
of that city um which is seen as a Hamas
stronghold earlier this month local
people had been going back trying to
find out what happened to about 2,000
Palestinians who were missing and
presumed dead buried under the rubble
and in the grounds of the NASA Hospital
they've just found another Mass grave in
the past day with with dozens of bodies
in it um and there have been uh
processes going on to try to identify
those this brings uh close now to 200
the total number of bodies have been
found in the grounds of that hospital